I’ve been on hold for hours, listening to the same elevator music loop. 
At this point, I’m convinced it’s a secret form of torture.
The automated voice keeps saying, ‘Your call is important to us.’ Well, my sanity is important too!
I tried to explain my situation to the representative, but they just kept reading from a script. 
It’s like talking to a robot with a headset.
They transferred me to three different departments, and I still haven’t resolved my issue. 
Maybe I should start my own bank.
Is empathy not in their training manual?
I’m pretty sure the hold music is hypnotizing me. 
I’ll wake up one day and find out I’ve signed up for a timeshare in Antarctica.
They promised a callback within 24 hours. 
It’s been a week, and I’m still waiting. Maybe carrier pigeons would be faster.
I finally got through, and the representative said, ‘Sorry, we can’t help with that.’ I’m considering a career change to bank ninja.
I’m convinced the call center is located in an alternate dimension. Time moves differently there, and patience is a finite resource.
If I hear ‘due to high call volume’ one more time, I might start my own call center just to prove a point.
Hello, I need to update my contact information. Can you help me change my phone number and address on file?
I’ve lost my debit card. Can you please block it and issue a replacement card?
I’m having trouble accessing my online banking account. Could you guide me through resetting my password?
I’d like to inquire about refinancing my mortgage. Can you provide information on current interest rates?
My credit card statement shows an unauthorized charge. Can you assist with disputing it?
I need to set up automatic bill payments. Can you help me configure this for my checking account?
I’m planning to travel internationally. Can you temporarily lift the foreign transaction limit on my credit card?
My savings account interest rate seems low. Can we discuss options for maximizing my savings?
I’ve been financially impacted by COVID-19. Can we explore loan deferment or payment extensions?
I’d like to open a new account. Can you provide details on the different account types available?